KAAM - The World of Creation and Connection
कामस्तदग्रे समवर्तताधि मनसो रेतः परथमं यदासीत |
सतो बन्धुमसति निरविन्दन हर्दि परतीष्याकवयो मनीषा ||

This verse from the Rig Veda's famous Nasadiya Sukta (Hymn of Creation) explains the origin of the universe as a manifestation of divine desire. It states that in the beginning, "Kama" (the primal desire or cosmic will) arose, serving as the very first seed and impetus of the cosmic mind. By looking deep within their hearts with intellect and wisdom, ancient sages discovered this subtle link connecting existence (Sat) to non-existence (Asat). Ultimately, the hymn suggests that the entire material world was born out of a profound, spiritual urge to create. 
Kaam has been sadly reduced to romance and sensory pleasures, but the very essence of it is the sacred, primal spark of desire that serves as the ultimate catalyst for both human connection and artistic expression. It is a powerful energy that acts as the vital heartbeat of relationships, transforming simple companionship into a deep, soulful intimacy and simultaneously, it functions as the ultimate muse for creative potential, channeling raw passion to turn abstract thoughts into tangible reality. 
By recognizing Kaam as a spiritual drive rather than a purely physical impulse, we unlock a balanced force that fuels resilient bonds and inspires boundless creation. 
In this space, we look at:
Why do you attract certain relational dynamics? Patterns of conflict, distance, or longing, and ways to rewire them. 
Your creative potential, soul’s chosen methods of experiencing joy and creativity.
Exploring the immense potential of your most beautiful creation–your children.
Get soulful creations as artwork, poetry, and decor items to express your love to your loved ones. 
Get reflective journals, digital workbooks, and esoteric tools to aid your manifestations. 
✨ Offerings under Kaam
Sayujya Session – Understand relational dynamics, patterns leading to unresolved emotional loops, conflicts, your unique love language, deep desires, and your soul’s chosen way to experience and embody love in close relationships.
Astrology-Based Consultation 1:1, 60-minute Zoom Session
(For Couples-2 birthcharts)- Rs. 16000/ 160$/ 160 Euro
(For 1 birthchart)- Rs. 8500/ 85$/ 85 Euro
Tarot & Oracle-Based Consultation-  1:1 , 30 minutes Zoom Session Rs. 3500/ 35$/ 35 Euro
Santati Session- Astrology-Based Consultation For children up to 10 years of age. 
Understand your children, their behavioural patterns, creative potentials, talents, hidden challenges, and aligned games/activities to support them better. 
1:1 60-minute Zoom Session Rs. 8500/ 85$/85 Euro 
SRIJAN WITH SMRITI
What if art could become a sacred pause in the middle of a busy life?
This Session is a soft space to slow down, breathe, create, and reconnect with yourself.
It is a personalized online art session where every element—the colors, art materials, and creative inspiration- is thoughtfully chosen based on your birth chart, making the experience uniquely yours. 
No artistic experience needed. Just be present, and allow your inner creator to reveal. 
1:1, 40 minutes Zoom Session, Rs. 3333/ 33$/ 33 Euro. 


